Welcome to Vine, release 1.0.

Copyright (C) 2006-2009, BitBlaze Team

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program (in the file COPYING); if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

The VEX library and the STP fast prover and library have their own
licenses. See VEX/LICENSE.README and stp/LICENSE for details.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

For more information about Vine and other BitBlaze software, see our
web site at:

http://bitblaze.cs.berkeley.edu/

The primary documentation for Vine is a user manual, available in HTML
and PDF format at:

http://bitblaze.cs.berkeley.edu/release/vine-1.0/howto.html
http://bitblaze.cs.berkeley.edu/release/vine-1.0/howto.pdf

For general questions regarding to the BitBlaze project, please send
email to bitblaze@gmail.com.

To receive announcements about further code releases and other
BitBlaze related updates, please subscribe to the Bitblaze
Announcement List at:

https://lists.eecs.berkeley.edu/sympa/info/bitblaze-announcements

This release contains the core Vine functionality related to the IL
and trace processing, but we have plans to release more parts of Vine
in the future: stay subscribed to the bitblaze-announcements list.

If you use Vine in academic research, we request that you acknowledge
it by citing the following paper:

"BitBlaze: A New Approach to Computer Security via Binary Analysis"
Dawn Song, David Brumley, Heng Yin, Juan Caballero, Ivan Jager, Min
Gyung Kang, Zhenkai Liang, James Newsome, Pongsin Poosankam, and
Prateek Saxena. Keynote Invited Paper, In Proceedings of the 4th
International Conference on Information Systems Security, December
2008.

and by including a link to our web site at
http://bitblaze.cs.berkeley.edu/.
